I couldn't manage to do questions 5-7, but not because of anything in the questions themselves. I ended up getting stuck trying to setup TFS and OTClient. I kept running into issues when trying to get everything working together, and it was pretty hard to troubleshoot. Firstly, I don't have very much knowledge about these tools, what they do, or how they're supposed to work. Secondly, the tools are fairly niche, so it was pretty difficult to troubleshoot with google-fu. I wanted to set up the environment before handling questions 1-4, but decided to just go through with those without it.

The problems started with building OTClient from source. I had no problems downloading the source code and all the dependencies for it (except that I ran out of space on my drive and had to move some old projects around). When building, though, it produced an error: `C1083 Cannot open include file: 'openssl/rsa.h': No such file or directory`. This was perplexing. It was my first time building a program from source, so I had no idea what could possibly cause the problem, and the internet wasn't helpful. And debugging an entire codebase myself seemed a little out of scope for this test. So I tried a different route.

I looked back at the guide you linked, thinking I had missed a dependency, but it didn't appear to be the case. Nonetheless, I reinstalled all the dependencies, just to make sure it wasn't a problem. But I had the same error when building. Then I thought it could be something with the version of Visual Studio I was using for the build, `VS2022`. It seemed unlikely, but it was the only thing I had done differently from the guide, which was for `VS2017`. I installed that version and tried again. No luck.

Then I tried to install `openssl` manually, and I placed it within the OTClient source code before trying another build. This time it actually did find the header (because I had put it there), but it still wouldn't compile, instead returning a ton of `unresolved external symbol` errors. So I was back to googling. Unfortunately, this didn't help much at this step either. I was finding more guides, but most of them were in Portuguese, a language I can barely speak a few words of.

Then I had the idea to search the issues of the OTClient github repo itself, to see if anyone ran into the same problems. Bingo! I found someone else who had done the exact same steps as me, and they found the solution: install openssl, not in the OTClient source, but in *vcpkg*. It had finally compiled!

But then it was time to set up TFS. No point in a server client without a server. While the server download was fairly straightforward (I opted to download it as a release rather than cloning the source). I followed the linked guide to set it up, installed the many dependencies, and tested it at each step. Here, I was fully letting the guide hold my hand, because I really didn't know what TFS was other than a custom server for Tibia, a game I had a pretty tiny amount of experience with. Regardless, I set up the server, copied all the files into the right place, and got my server running!

Then I had to make an account on the server, so I could actually get into it. The guide recommended I use `Znote AAC` to make the account, but it was giving me a blank screen when I tried to get in. The guide didn't mention anything about this, and I was quite far out of my depth at this point. Google also decided to ignore my specificity and show me the millions of other kinds of servers that might result in blank screens, so that wasn't helpful either. So I tried the alternative account creator mentioned in the guide, `Gesior AAC`. This one seemed to work better, and loaded a setup window instead of a blank screen. I went through the setup process as instructed, until it threw an error: `Check server configuration`. That was it. That was the entire error. Not very helpful.

According to google, there was *supposed* to be an actual error message there too, but I wasn't so lucky. I even checked the HTML for the setup page to see if it was being displayed in a way I couldn't see. It wasn't.

At this point, I went back through the TFS setup process. I reinstalled every dependency, re-copied all the files into the same folder, restarted the server, reinstalled the server, tried `Znote` again, systematically went through each step of the instructions, trying slight variations to see if I could force it to work, I even tried installing it on a different computer. But nothing worked. It all resulted in a blank white screen, or an empty error message.

That was as far as I got. If I had a bit more knowledge about OpenTibia, TFS, or OTClient going into this, I may have been able to find the exact right combination of installs required to get it all working. But this is all very new to me, and I think the exposure to it all, all at once, made this much more difficult to achieve. These tools certainly aren't the most esoteric I've looked into. I've used many tools that have very little documentation or tutorials, requiring me to figure out how things work on my own by diving into source code (Godot Ink, for instance). In this case, though, there was an overwhelming amount to figure out. Not only were the tools new to me, but so were their dependencies. So when something would go wrong, I wouldn't have any idea where to even begin looking for the problem, on the internet or in source code.